{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9380\viewh10380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 beh - Backend Error Handler
\b0\fs24 \
---------------------------\
\

\b NOTE:  The backend error handler has not been tested on Mac OS X.\

\b0 \
A wrapper for CUPS backends to make error handling configurable\
\
Usually, if a CUPS backend exits with an error status other than zero\
(for example if a printer is not turned on or not reachable on the\
network), CUPS disables the print queue and one can only print again\
if a system administrator re-enables the queue manually. Even restarting\
CUPS (or rebooting) does not re-enable disabled queues.\
\
For system administrators this can get annoying, for newbie users\
who are not aware of this problem it looks like that CUPS is severely\
broken. They remove and re-install print queues, getting on the nerves\
of distro install support, people, or even switch back to a proprietary\
operating system.\
\
This script makes the handling of such backend errors configurable, so\
that the problem can easily be worked around. The new possibilities are:\
\
 - Let queues simply not being disabled. Simple approach, but job gets \
   lost.\
\
 - Repeat a given number of times.\
\
 - Repeat infinitely often, until the job gets finally through. This\
   is the standard of LPRng, and it eliminates loss of the job.\
\
 - The interval between two attemts to run the backend can also be\
   configured.\
\
 - Configuration is done independently for each print queue. So local\
   printers and network printers can be treated differently.\
\
\
Usage: \
\
The "beh" is in the CUPS backend directory used in Mac OS X \
(/usr/libexec/cups/backend/) and world-readable and -executable. \
You installer will restart CUPS   If all is correct "lpinfo -v" should have \
"beh" in its output.\
\
Then activate "beh" for your print queue(s) with command(s) like this:\
\
lpadmin -p <queue name> -E -v beh:/<dd>/<att>/<delay>/<originaluri>\
\
with \
  <queue name>:     The name of your print queue\
  <dd>:             Don't Disable, if "1", beh always exits with zero\
                    status, so the queue gets never disabled when the\
                    original backend exits with an error. "0" carries\
                    the error status of the last call of the backend\
                    (after <att> retries) on to CUPS, so the queue\
                    usually gets disabled.\
  <att>:            Attempts, number of attempts to recall the backend\
                    in case of an error. "0" means infinite retries. In\
                    this case <dd> gets meaningless.\
  <delay>:          Delay between two attempts to call the beckend, to\
                    be given in seconds and as an integer number.\
                    Meaningless if <att> is one.\
  <originaluri>:    The original URI, which your queue had before. Can \
                    be determined with "lpstat -v".\
\
All parameters, especially, <dd>, <att>, and <delay> have always to\
be specified, even if one of them is meaningless due to the setting of\
the others.\
\
beh works with every backend except the "hp" backend of HPLIP.\
\
Example URIs:\
\
beh:/1/3/5/socket://printer:9100\
\
  On the network printer with host name "printer" it is tried to access\
  3 times with 5 second delays between the attempts. If the job still\
  fails, the queue is not disabled (and the job discarded).\
\
beh:/0/10/60/socket://printer:9100\
\
  Retry 10 times in one minute intervals, disable the queue when still\
  not succeeding.\
\
beh:/1/0/60/usb://Brother/HL-5040%20series\
\
  On a Brother HL-5040 on the USB try infinitely often until the printer\
  comes back, in intervals of one minute. This way the job does not get\
  lost when the printer is turned off and one can intendedly delay\
  printing by simply switching off the printer. The ideal configuration\
  for desktop printers and/or home users.\
}